david the bug-eyed bug I guide com in
Phoenix Phoenix has a beautifully new
finished steering wheel and I have to
tell you this is the tactile experience
of driving this car with this amazingly
smooth glossy wheel is something I
really enjoy it's one of the fundamental
pieces of these bug eyes that I really
think needs to be preserved and
protected so on Phoenix we've done that
I'm going to take you for a drive in
this great car in a minute I just wanted
to show you a little bit more of Phoenix
it's one of my favorites we have things
like these mirrors mounted on the
windshield posts which I think are
really it's a nice way to avoid drilling
holes in the car and they work really
well this is also a little wider rear
view mirror and it makes a big
difference actually the normal bugeye
mirrors about seventy percent of the
size of this maybe two-thirds of the
size of it and your visibility in that
mirror is much better and if you're
going to drive these cars I think these
issues really help especially if you're
in a place where there's traffic and of
course I just love these red stripes
let's start it up and we'll go for a
drive the car is a great running car I
have the heater fan on here that's how
you turn that on and off we'll leave
that on it's a little cool all the
gauges are working the emergency brake
is good and tight that's nice they often
don't work
these are all the details that we end up
spending a lot of time on on these cars
to get them right before we ship them
out to new homes so I'm going to take
you on my drive to the shop
start in second if I'm rolling at all
i'll use second
because of the non synchro first
it's a nice drive in Phoenix 6 to 12 75
inches with disc brakes
just brake upgrade on this car Phoenix
is available from bug I guy